[docs] Add registry auth information to docker agent docs (#9409)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/dagster-cloud/deployment/agents/docker.mdx

- **Permissions in Dagster Cloud that allow you to manage agent tokens**. Refer to the [User permissions documentation](/dagster-cloud/account/managing-users) for more info.
- **To have Docker installed**

> - **Access to a container registry to which you can push images with Dagster code.** Additionally, your Docker agent must have the permissions required to pull images from the registry. See [below](#granting-registry-access-to-docker-agent) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Access to a container registry to which you can push images with Dagster code.** Additionally, your Docker agent must have the permissions required to pull images from the registry. See [below](#step-3-grant-registry-access-to-the-agent) for more details.
```

This fixes a broken link, updating it to use the new name of the section heading.

---

> ## Step 3: Granting registry access to Docker agent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 3: Grant registry access to the agent
```

Making this section heading consistent with other headings in the guide.

---

> ## Granting Registry Access to Docker Agent

Reviewer: Can you make this guy use sentence case, please?

> The Docker agent runs Docker operations from within the `dagster-cloud-agent` container, including pulling user code images and running them as new containers. The `dagster-cloud-agent` container requires access to credentials in order to perform these operations. Depending on the registry provider you are using, authentication may look different. Often, credentials are stored in the Docker config file; `~/.docker/config.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Docker agent runs Docker operations from within the `dagster-cloud-agent` container, including pulling user code images and running them as new containers. The `dagster-cloud-agent` container requires access to credentials in order to perform these operations.

Depending on the registry provider you're using, authentication may look different. Credentials are often stored in the Docker config file (`~/.docker/config.json`).
```

- Splitting into two paragraphs to improve readability. I don't think this takes away from what's being said, but feel free to push back on this.
- Removed the semicolon preceding the name of the Docker file. As the file name itself isn't a complete sentence, this isn't needed

In some cases, you will need to mount this file into the agent by specifiying the additional volume mount:

```shell
  --volume ~/.docker:/root/.docker
```

For example:

```shell
docker run \
  --network=dagster_cloud_agent \
  --volume $PWD/dagster.yaml:/opt/dagster/app/dagster.yaml:ro \
  --volume /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
  --volume ~/.docker:/root/.docker \
  --restart on-failure \
  -it docker.io/dagster/dagster-cloud-agent:latest \
  dagster-cloud agent run /opt/dagster/app
```

### Using Google Container Regsitry

The easiest way to grant the agent container access to a GCR repository is to use the [standalone GCR credential helper](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/docker-credential-gcr) to create an access token:

>     # Replace $YOUR_REGISTRY with the GCR registry you are using, e.g. https://gcr.io

Reviewer: This should be formatted the same way as other code blocks, like on line 117. Without it, the formatting looks funky when the site is built + rendered.
